https://codepen.io/michaelheck/pen/abmRjZz?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 

		Semantic tags relay meaning. Header, section, footer, etc

    2. What is HTML used for? 

		It is the structure of a webpage.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?

		It modifies an HTML element and goes inside the opening tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

		It is used for a title and should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
		
		img, a		

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?

		metadata and title

    7. What is an id? 

		id is an attribute that is used to specify a unique id for an html element

    8. What elements can I add an id to?

		any Html elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?

		once

    10. What is a class?

		It is an attribute that is used to give an element a class.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

		any html elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?

		Unlimited

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

		target=”_blank”
		
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

		to relay the information to the computer since it can't see the picture 

    15. How do I reference an id?
		
		#

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
		
		section is semantic, div is not

    17. What is CSS used for? 

		to style html

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

		h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

		class is more general and can be used more than once.
		id is specific and can only be used once.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

		.className {}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

		.human p {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	
		parent > child   
		This allows you to select all children of a parent
	
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

		.sidebar a {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

		.class:hover {}
		It is a selector that only occurs when certain perimeters are met.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

		line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

		letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

		text-transform: capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

		boarder: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

		* {}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

		/*this is a comment*/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

		pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

		cd ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

		rm filename
		There is no "are you sure?" Message.

    34. Why should I use version control? 

		This will help you manage changes to code over time and can help identify problems.

    35. How often should I commit to github?

		Every 20 min or every added feature

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

		git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
		
		1.fork
		2.clone
		3.cd into clone
		3.branch
		4.*Update code*
		5.Add
		6.Commit
		7.Push



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
